Perl Oasis 2009
===============

Perl Oasis will be a one-day workshop at in Orlando on Saturday, January 17,
2009. It is modeled on last year's Frozen Perl Workshop, which was in turn
modeled on the Pittsburgh Perl Workshop, London Workshop and other European
events. We (at a very rough guess) are expecting anywhere from 60-150 people.
The early bird registration rate will be 10 for students, and 20 for everyone
else. This will double approximately 3 weeks before the workshop.

The workshop is being organized by the Orlando Perl Mongers. We are working
with HD Publishing Group who are Gold Level Sponsors.

We have already reserved the [??? VENUE ] as our venue ([??? VENUE URL]). The
total cost for this venue, (without catering) is [??? VENUE COST]. AV
Equipment and Services will be provided by HD Publishing who have generously
loaned us two High Definition LCD projectors.

We are also considering a hackathon for the Sunday after the workshop. This
will most likely be at the same Venue. The cost for renting a room for the
entire day is $75, We have not yet committed to the hackathon.

At the Ramada we have secure a group rate of $75 USD / night and a current
block of 10 rooms. Because the Ramada is also our venue this is by far the
most convent option, as we get a better assessment of our local vs. remote
attendee breakdown we will branch out to the other hotels in the area.

Without the AV costs our registration feels should be more than adequate
covers our expenses. We can apply the remaining sponsorship money to catering
costs. The catering costs are expected to be $33.00 USD / person and include a
lunch with beverages and an attendee dinner

We expect to be able to cover our venue costs entirely from registration fees.
Given 65 non-students at $20 and 15 students at $10 each that would be $1,450,
enough to pay for the venue.

So far we have already secured $2,500 in sponsorship commitments. I expect us
to be able to raise at least $3,000 in sponsorship, which should allow us to
provide some additional catering, as mentioned above. 

Budget Expenses 
----------------

Listed in order in which they will receive funding:

    * Venue: [??? VENUE COST] - this is the only required item
    * Advertising: $100 (est)
    * Lunch & Dinner: $2,400 (est)
    * Morning beverages: $160 (est)
    * Afternoon beverages: $160 (est)
    * Hackathon room: $75

Advertising costs are primarily for things like printing flyers. $100 may be a
gross overestimate, but it gives us some wiggle room.

Obviously, the catering costs will vary based on the number of attendees, and
there is some flexibility based on what exact food we purchase. The numbers
above are all based on a figure of 80 attendees.

There are also some additional expenses that are flexible, in that they can be
funded at various levels. These include buying some drinks and/or food at a
Saturday night social event, food and beverages for the Hackathon, drinks
and/or food for a Friday night speaker & organizer's dinner.

These are all way down on the funding priority list, and will only get funding
if we have money "left over". 

Income
------

    * Registration fees: $1,450 (65 non-students, 15 students, all early bird)
    * Sponsorship: $Everything else

As you can see from our budget, the event is very conservative financially,
since we could cover costs with no sponsorship, and we already have a
commitment of $2,500, putting else well into the black before we've even
started.
